## DermoPES - Frontend

Backend part of the application: https://github.com/Jakub112358/DermoPES

### Developer:
- Jakub Szymański, 

### Running application:
- Run backend application
- Follow the instructions to run locally [Angular application](https://angular.io/start/start-deployment)
  
### General app description:
The main purpose of the application is to make it easier to study for the PES (polish specialization exam for doctors) in dermatology.
The solution will be to create a personalized web application that allows user to make CRUD operations in the data base with previous exams questions.
Next step is to make quiz mode for users.

### General technical description: 

**Backend:**
Spring Boot REST application. The application meets all the requirements of level 2 of the Richardson Maturity Model. 
I focus on creating clean code and using appropriate design patters.

**Frontend:**
Angular application with PrimeNG library.

### Tech Stack:
**Backend:**
- Java 17
- Spring Boot 3
- Testing: Unit and integration tests (singular and parameterized) using tools such as JUnit, MockMVC, Mockito.

**DataBase:**
- H2
- DB structure: autogenerated by Hibernate
- DB queries: 
  - JPARepository default methods,
  - JPA derived queries, 
  - JPA Criteria API,
  - JPQL custom queries

**Frontend:**
- Angular 15

### App features: 
- creating new questions
- searching questions:
  - all questions in database
  - by qustion ID
  - by criteria like: minimum exam date, maximum exam date, difficulties, categories
- updating questions
- deleting questions
- counting requests by URI, request type and answer code

### Features in-development:
- quiz mode
- login
- extracting user and admin roles

### Version control: 
- system: GIT
- branches:
  - main – stable and tested version of application
  - dev – version in development
# Angular project info:

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.1.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
